The tradetrip platform enables trade documentation transferred across the trade
cycle.
The platform currently allows the Seller,Carrier,Bank,Consignee to be MLETR
compliant.
Lets begin by selecting the seller.
Orders are placed by the consignee to the seller.
Orders are received in the platform via apis or through direct input.
Lets select an order and view the order details.
Now lets assign a carrier.
Now the carrier details is now updated.
Let's move to the carrier account.
The received order details are shown.
The BOL is now generated by the carrier.
Information available is pre populated while some information is to be added.
The BOL is now saved.
Let's view the newly created BOL.
It can be printed out as pdf if needed.
Let's shift to the consignee.
Details corresponding to the order are shown here
Consignee can now view the BOL. and is able to download a QRCode relevant
to that BOL.
Let's shift to the port authority.
Once the cargo is ready for pick up the consignee can present the QRCode to
the port authority, who then scans it and get all the data corresponding to it.
QRCode is linked to the consignee wallet and the token.
Port Authority can view the BOL.
They can then check the authenticity of the consignee or the agent who has
come to collect the cargo.
Both of them can be physically verified using the data provided.
The order details can also be fetched.
The journey of the BOL who accessed it ,at what time are logged.This could be
used as an audit trail.
On confirmation of the BOL,cargo is released.Let's shift to the bank.
They can see the information about the cargo being released.
And then proceeds with the transfer of funds to the seller.
The hash corresponding to this transfer of funds is also updated.
The complete lifecycle of the BOL journey is capturedand can be viewed by
search,based on BOL.